Now I want to use that image URL to change my display mode here to not show this button but instead
to show that the image as a preview for this in that div here let's add I an image and set the source
equal to a property which we still have to add which will be the selected location image.
Now I'll add NGL theater because this should only be added to the DOM if selected location image actually
exists.
Otherwise we can't display it.
So if this here is not undefined.
And with that we should be able to see that image as soon as we picked it and assigned it to this property
which we haven't done yet.
I will also give this a class of location image so that we can style this appropriately because we will
need to add some styles to the location image here.
We should give it the width of 1 percent and the height of 100 percent and set object fit to cover so
that this fits nicely into the surrounding def.
For dad however we should ensure that the surrounding div all there's proper styling for Dad.
I'll give this a class of picture and style that picture here as well in the location picker SC as as
file because here I want I have a width of let's say 30 RAM but a max with of 80 percent on smaller
devices a height of 20 Ram.
And I'll add a max height of let's say 30 VH to take up a maximum of 30 percent of the viewport height
I'll add a border here of 1 pixel solid and then I'll use the VAR keyword to fetch my eye and color
primary color here.
I'll give this a margin of auto to center it horizontally and I'll add display flex here to justify
everything in the center and align all items in the center here so that we have a nice picture where
all the elements inside of it are centered.
Now let's set selected location image here to display that image once we picked an element.
So in a location picker typescript file here where we subscribe then where we finally got everything
we need we want to set that property.
So let's first of all added here as a property to this class and that will be a string and initially
it's undefined but once we picked a location here we can set this selected location image equal to the
static map image you're all we got here.
Now let's see that in action let's see if that works the way it should here
the press select location near here is the image and the buttons that's next to it so it gets displayed.
But of course it has to share the place with the button.
Now to work around that let's get rid of the button whenever we have a preview by adding energy if on
the button here and Jeff and only displayed as if we don't have a selected location image.
So with that if we go back and I press here now we just see that now there is a little bit of a delay
between us selecting a location and that image being displayed because all these API calls have to finish
first and therefore some loading spinner would be nice.
So in that location picker I'll add ion spinner here the color of primary and that should be displayed
if is loading is true.
And we'll have to add that property of course the image here should only be displayed if we have an
image and we're not loading the button here should be displayed if we don't have an image and we're
not loading.
So now let's add that is loading property to the location picker a component is loading.
And initially that is false and I want to set this to true as soon as we are hearing we're getting an
address.
So this
is loading is true here.
And of course it's false.
Once we got everything.
So this is loading is false here.
Now let's wait for that to reload and let's see how that now looks like by now it's like the location
with the spinner and then there is the image.
Of course it's still super fast but if it should take longer then we have a nice spinner in between
now that doesn't look too bad but what if we now want to change our selection.